One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were in the forest — looking up at the night sky.

They were watching a meteor shower.

Suddenly there was a booming, thunderous, roaring sound.

The ground shook.

Andrew and Xenia fell to the ground and Andrew dropped the old book.

As if by magic the book suddenly opened.

The most beloved Compendium opened up and another friendly dragon — Zhao — had appeared.

Andrew, Xenia and Zhao performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from all of the silly dancing.

Zhao pointed at the crater in the forest: “This meteorite is very old. It was created at the beginning of the solar system.”

Andrew said: “What is the solar system?”

Xenia said: “I know!!”

Andrew looked surprised.

Xenia had beautiful dreams carved into her mind — inspired by the authors of brilliant books she had read at the most beloved library.

Xenia explained: “The solar system contains the Sun and the Earth — where we live.”

“Also other planets, moons, meteoroids, comets and asteroids.”

Zhao nodded in agreement: “I am writing a book about Quantum Mechanics.”

Andrew looked confused.

Xenia told Andrew: “Do not worry Andrew. With the right intention we can both learn about Quantum Mechanics. It will be fun!”

Zhao beamed and said: “From the large scale — the stars in space — which emit light through nuclear fusion — down to the small scale — the molecules within our own bodies…”

“Quantum Mechanics plays a role in everything around us.”

Andrew smiled: “I would love to learn about Quantum Mechanics!”

“Me too!” said Xenia.

Zhao said: “We will begin by learning about waves and wave functions”.

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with Quantum Mechanics.
