One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were out flying in their plane — over some remote islands in the middle of the ocean.

Xenia was flying the plane — she had lots of experience with flying planes.

Andrew was afraid of flying — but Xenia had managed to convince him to fly.

Xenia landed on the beach of a most beloved island.

“Let’s explore the island”, said Xenia.

As if by magic the old book suddenly opened and the most wondrous Compendium appeared — alongside another friendly dragon Akio.

Andrew, Xenia and Akio performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from the silly samba.

Akio told Andrew and Xenia: “I am writing a Mathematics crib sheet.”

Andrew said: “What is Mathematics and what exactly is a crib sheet?”

Xenia said: “I know!!”

Andrew looked surprised. Xenia had developed a love and appreciation for the beauty contained within mathematical ideas and concepts.

Xenia explained: “Mathematics is a game. It allows us to solve many problems we find in our everyday lives. We can use Mathematics to navigate, to design, to trade with and collaborate with other dragons.”

“And a crib sheet is a set of notes to help remind us of ideas and concepts.”

Akio nodded.

“On my crib sheet, we will learn about the mathematics which you will need to learn for QALB Story.”

“Also on this remote island, we will apply mathematics to navigate, to find food, using only this radio and mathematics.”

Andrew and Xenia said: “Wow! Mathematics is amazing!”

Andrew said: “What is this radio?”

Xenia explained: “This is a software-defined radio. It is a special radio which can be controlled using mathematical ideas and some coding to behave in many different ways.”

Akio smiled in agreement: “Do you want to learn my mathematics crib sheet?”

Andrew and Xenia both nodded: “Yes please!!”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with mathematics.
