One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were picking tasty fruit at the farm out in the countryside.

They picked rhubarb, strawberries, gooseberries and raspberries.

Andrew wondered about the building blocks of life.

At that moment — and — as if by magic the old book opened — and another friendly dragon — Akio — had appeared.

Xenia, Andrew and Akio performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Xenia and Andrew fell down laughing from all of the euphonious swaying.

Akio said: “I am building a biochemistry database of DNA and protein structures — using artificial intelligence — to assist in the process.”

Andrew and Xenia said: “Wow!”

Akio continued: “We can also discover new pharmaceutical drugs to treat diseases using artificial intelligence for drug discovery!”

Andrew said: “What is DNA? And what exactly is a protein structure? And what is drug discovery?”

Xenia said: “I know!”

Andrew looked amazed!!

Xenia explained: “DNA is an essential building block of life.”

“And protein structures are also essential to life.”

“These are the chemical structures which all living things depend upon.”

Akio nodded in agreement.

Xenia continued: “And drug discovery is accelerated by artificial intelligence and is the process of identifying and developing new medications.”

Akio smiled in agreement.

Akio continued: “Would you both like to learn about biochemistry?”

Andrew and Xenia said: “We would love to! Please teach us!”

Akio said: “We will begin by learning about the drug discovery process.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with biochemistry.
