One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were in the mountains.

They had noticed that the signal for the internet was not working!

As if by magic the old book opened along with the wonderful Compendium — and — another friendly dragon — Zhao — had appeared.

Xenia, Andrew and Zhao then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from the delightful jiving.

Zhao said: “I am designing an open hardware clustered computer — for distributing Quantum Sand — which keeps working in the mountains. By using custom semiconductor chips.”

Andrew said: “What is open hardware? And what is a clustered computer? And what exactly is a semiconductor chip?”

Xenia said: “I know.”

Andrew looked surprised. Xenia was an expert on computer technology.

Xenia explained: “Open hardware is freely licenced so anyone can build or learn from the design.”

“A computer cluster is a group of many computers which work together to perform tasks as one computer.”

“And semiconductor chips are like the brains of electronic devices, such as: games consoles, televisions and phones.”

Andrew smiled and Zhao nodded in agreement.

Zhao explained: “The design of my computer is eco-friendly and modular so that it is easy to repair!”

“I am building this computer so that all dragons around the world can access learning resources regardless of whether they have a good internet connection or not! Semiconductors are vital to achieve this goal!”

Andrew and Xenia said: “Wow! Semiconductors are fabulous!”

Zhao grinned: “Would you like to learn about semiconductors?”

Andrew and Xenia screamed: “We would love to!”

Zhao explained: “We will begin by learning the basics of how semiconductors work.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with semiconductors.
