One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were by the lake.

Xenia was holding the old book, which she then opened to reveal the most beloved Compendium.

Andrew closed his eyes and randomly chose a book from the wonderful Compendium.

As if by magic — another friendly dragon — Ai — had appeared.

Xenia, Andrew and Ai then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from all of the silly tomfoolery.

Ai stood there, holding a notepad.

Ai told Xenia and Andrew: “I am writing a paper about artificial intelligence!”

Andrew said: “What is artificial intelligence?”

Xenia shouted: “I know!!”

Andrew looked surprised. Xenia had a habit of visiting the library in secret and gathering useful knowledge from wonderful books.

Xenia explained: “Inside our brains, where we think, there are special structures called neurons”.

“We can model these structures inside a computer! So a computer can think almost like we can!”

Ai smiled blissfully and nodded in agreement.

Ai also explained: “The paper I am writing is about a cute robot dog I have built!”

Xenia looked surprised: “Robot dog?”

Andrew and Xenia looked in the lake to see the cute robot dog joyfully swimming around in the water.

Ai explained: “My robot dog is designed to help rescue people in an emergency!”

Andrew and Xenia said: “Wow! artificial intelligence is amazing!”

Ai said: “Would you both like to learn about artificial intelligence?”

Andrew and Xenia both nodded: “Yes please!”

Ai smiled delightfully and said: “We will begin by learning about the structures inside the brain — called neurons.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with artificial intelligence.
