One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were visiting the most beloved library.

They found a sad and lonely dragon lying on the floor outside.

“Look” said Xenia, “this poor dragon is homeless.”

Andrew gave his beaker of the finest fruit drink to the poor homeless dragon.

Xenia handed over her lunch to this sad dragon.

The poor homeless dragon smiled and said: “Thank you both.”

As if by magic the old book suddenly opened along with the Compendium and another friendly dragon — Sakura — had appeared.

Andrew, Xenia, Sakura and the homeless dragon performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from all of the silly waltzing.

Sakura said: “I am running a workshop on coding!”

Andrew said: “What is coding?!”

Xenia said: “I know!!”

Andrew looked surprised. Xenia had a habit of learning about the latest coding languages.

Xenia explained: “Coding allows us to instruct a computer to perform a specific task.”

“We can compose music, make and play games or even search through libraries of information.”

Sakura nodded in agreement.

“In my workshop we will build a geospatial app to help feed the homeless dragons — and additionally to provide help to any animals who are in distress.”

We will build our geospatial app using a few coding languages — such as: Ruby, JavaScript and Python.”

“We will compose some music — again using a language called Ruby.”

Andrew looked confused: “Using a gemstone we can make music?!”

Sakura explained: “Actually Ruby is also a coding language from Japan!”

Andrew smiled!

Sakura said: “We will also build a beautiful live dashboard using Elixir.”

Andrew looked confused: “We can make a dashboard using a medicinal concoction?”

Sakura grinned: “Actually, Elixir is a beautiful language designed by José Valim.”

Andrew grinned!

Sakura continued: “And — we will make a fun game — using a language called Rust.”

Andrew looked baffled: “Using rust on my bike to make games?!”

Sakura explained: “Actually Rust is also a high performance coding language!”

Andrew and Xenia both said: “Wow! coding is amazing!”

Sakura smiled: “Would you like to take my workshop?”

Xenia and Andrew grinned: “We would love to!!”

Sakura said: “We will begin by learning about the Ruby language.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with coding.
