One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were climbing a mountain.

Andrew accidentally slipped and banged his head.

Xenia said “Do not worry Andrew — I will call for assistance.”

An air ambulance took Andrew and Xenia to the nearest hospital.

Once inside the radiology department — Andrew was taken to have a scan of his injury.

As if by magic the old book opened — and another friendly dragon — Sakura — had appeared.

The friendly dragons did not perform the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

They were too concerned for poor Andrew and his injury.

Sakura spoke: “How are you feeling Andrew?”

Andrew smiled: “It still hurts! It will be better soon — I hope!”

Sakura smiled: “This radiology department uses nuclear magnetic resonance — and — relaxation — to create medical imagery.”

“This imagery is used to treat injuries and diseases.”

Xenia and Andrew both said: “Wow!”

Andrew said: “What is nuclear magnetic resonance and relaxation?”

Sakura explained: “I am currently doing a physics placement here — at the hospital — for my physics dissertation — on applications of biophysics.”

“Artificial intelligence for medical applications — is my main focus.”

“Discovering new medicines — and — detecting diseases — are both possible — when applying artificial intelligence — to biophysics.”

Xenia interrupted: “Wow! Really? Can you teach us?”

Sakura said: “I would love to teach you!”

“Biophysics is a unique subject — where you can apply physics and mathematical knowledge — to have a real impact on people’s lives — essentially physics for medical purposes.”

“You can help to save lives — simply by applying your physics knowledge.”

Andrew and Xenia both smiled in amazement.

Andrew said: “I want to learn about biophysics!”

“Me too!” said Xenia.

Sakura continued: “We will begin by learning about the interaction of radiation with matter.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with biophysics.
