One day Andrew and Xenia — the friendly dragons — were at the gym. They were doing an intense abs workout.

After the workout Andrew and Xenia both picked up their games consoles.

They started playing a game.

A message appeared on Andrew’s game.

The message stated: “You have been hacked! You must download an app. Otherwise you will lose your saved games!”

Andrew said: “Oh no!”

As if by magic the old book opened along with the delightful Compendium — and — another friendly dragon — Ai — had appeared.

Xenia, Andrew and Ai then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Andrew and Xenia fell down laughing from the dreamy shimmying.

Ai said: “I am starting an annual cybersecurity conference.”

Andrew said: “What is cybersecurity?”

Xenia said: “I know.”

Andrew looked surprised. Xenia had attended many cybersecurity conferences and delivered talks on defending against cyber attacks.

Xenia explained: “Cybersecurity is protecting devices from damage, disruption or theft of data.”

Andrew looked confused!

Xenia explained: “The message on your game is a scam! A bad dragon is trying to hack your console.”

“What should I do?!” said Andrew.

Ai said: “Do not worry Andrew — I will teach you both about cybersecurity — and — how to defend yourselves from cyber attacks.”

Andrew and Xenia shouted: “Wow! Cybersecurity is awesome! Please teach us!”

Ai said: “We will begin by learning about packets of data.”

And this is how Andrew and Xenia started their learning journey with cybersecurity.
